Business Source License 1.1 – Adapted for Meili SAS
This license is based on the Business Source License version 1.1, as published by MariaDB Corporation Ab.

Parameters

Licensor: Meili SAS

Licensed Work: Any file explicitly marked as “Enterprise Edition (EE)” or “governed by the Business Source License” residing in enterprise_editions modules/folders.

Additional Use Grant:
You may use, modify, and distribute the Licensed Work for non-production purposes only, such as testing, development, or evaluation.

Production use of the Licensed Work requires a commercial license agreement with Meilisearch. Contact bonjour@meilisearch.com for licensing.

Change License: MIT

Change Date: Four years from the date the Licensed Work is published.

This License does not apply to any code outside of the Licensed Work, which remains under the MIT license.

For information about alternative licensing arrangements for the Licensed Work,
please contact bonjour@meilisearch.com or sales@meilisearch.com.

Notice

Business Source License 1.1

Terms

The Licensor hereby grants you the right to copy, modify, create derivative
works, redistribute, and make non-production use of the Licensed Work. The
Licensor may make an Additional Use Grant, above, permitting limited production use.

Effective on the Change Date, or the fourth anniversary of the first publicly
available distribution of a specific version of the Licensed Work under this
License, whichever comes first, the Licensor hereby grants you rights under
the terms of the Change License, and the rights granted in the paragraph
above terminate.

If your use of the Licensed Work does not comply with the requirements
currently in effect as described in this License, you must purchase a
commercial license from the Licensor, its affiliated entities, or authorized
resellers, or you must refrain from using the Licensed Work.

All copies of the original and modified Licensed Work, and derivative works
of the Licensed Work, are subject to this License. This License applies
separately for each version of the Licensed Work and the Change Date may vary
for each version of the Licensed Work released by Licensor.

You must conspicuously display this License on each original or modified copy
of the Licensed Work. If you receive the Licensed Work in original or
modified form from a third party, the terms and conditions set forth in this
License apply to your use of that work.

Any use of the Licensed Work in violation of this License will automatically
terminate your rights under this License for the current and all other
versions of the Licensed Work.

This License does not grant you any right in any trademark or logo of
Licensor or its affiliates (provided that you may use a trademark or logo of
Licensor as expressly required by this License).

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" BASIS. LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND
TITLE.
